not trough
on October 25, 2006 but this painting of Bartolomees is half the celebration
of the behavior of their strong and 16 48
put back again he fell something very good
arrives at the museum with a truck at six in the evening
those with special celebration and climate control for this kind
transports is equipped
to place the painting back on its own in the republic hall
have to replace the painting of french neck the company voc captain
henry real also called the lean company
which are hung back in the night watch language
because of the large dimensions of this militia piece
the painting must be packed with the truck outside after another
be driven at the entrance to the Philips Peugeot
to ensure that the painting does not suffer too much from climate change
between inside and outside
for this painting with frames in plastic
the ribbons also see the painting are tense
hard plastic away from the money
the list of van aelst was stored in the depot
woansdei restored
after being unpacked, the frame is blindly placed against the wall
the painting can be taken after being strangely removed from its transport
be placed directly in the list
he was fixed with wooden chores
pay on sand
the kids
in a statement
a little
it was
the painting is turned over to it
and with chains hung on the large iron brackets on the back of it the honor
to sit on
because of the weight and the length
what the painting supports
it stands, as it were, on steel wall
the painting the frame together at around 350 pounds
it takes a lot of manpower to place the painting
but practice with the group and respond to each other 10
but this unusual effort was done with verve
people who
hereafter French neck must be hung
with the special life, the painting enters the tree halls
bicycle mounts
almost day and night trip would be worn
it is passé and measuring
it is all just possible
we are ready at around ten in the evening
and hang with the paintings I have a place of my own